I tried to look for work, but I was unsuccessful.
It was a struggle even to get water.
And a specialist gave us diagnosis of a very aggressive brain tumor.
My negative disposition made me a very impatient, sarcastic and demanding person.
The fact that I was not appointed as an elder made me feel disappointed.
Jehovah who act in the near future, fulfilling all his promises.
And so I'm happy to enjoy.
And when everything around you is chaotic,
the one thing you have is your relationship with Jehovah.
Re-gaining joy isn't work in progress.
I've always admired the beauty and power of the sea.
It reminds me that the one who created the sea,
it's not hard for him to care for.
Just one small human like me.